okay then guys in this video we're going
to be taking another look
another red player who's employing the
same tactics as before and tactics that
I showed on one of my videos and
basically he's walking up the main path
to the blue base okay
he's got players tucked up behind tree
so that he's gonna have to get past okay
and blue players on the ground hidden
away and yet none of them spotted him
not one of them spotted him and it
really just goes to show how bad
observation skills are in airsoft okay
so he's walked up the main path to the
blue team base I think you'll be
astounded and alarmed just how many
players are actually in the base that
are still alive he's walked straight up
to them with a red tag on his front
so he's perfectly visible to the enemy
team that he's a red player and yet not
one of them reacted even when he bang
killed them not one of them reacted now
I just go into some rules quickly here
when you're shot and you're killed okay
you must put your hand up in the air and
shout loud and proud hit red or hit blow
okay and that shows the other team that
you're actually dead now and then walk
off to the respawn point with your hands
still in the air okay to show and
indicate that you're actually a dead
player walking along just normal with
the gun by the side does not indicate
that you're a dead player it indicates
that you're still in the game you must
have your hand up at all times and this
is read out at the beginning of the
brief of the day okay also a bang kill
is when you get too close to somebody
and you're just being kind because
obviously the guns hurt a lot more and
you bang kill them or surrender kill
okay now it's down to the other team to
accept that so the best thing to do when
employing this sort of tactic is just
shoot them shoot the hell out of a lot
of them okay now this guy's bang killed
the blue team and they still haven't
reacted to it
and that's what that was when someone
doesn't take surrender kills gonna shoot
and that would have worked as well bad
attempt that's what happens when you run
do surrender kills and no one takes it
they can do that to shoot you and we
came over but you got in there that's
the main thing you actually got in there
base and was about to take their
reflective jacket their objective yeah
flag is wet there you go
and all he did was walk down and they
should have been more observant and shot
the guy but he walked straight in there
so it works where he was also saying
that walking with the gun by this side
shows that if they're play it doesn't if
he was listening at the team brief that
our our site owner reads out you must
walk outs when been shot with your hand
on the air and you know sometimes you
can get still get shot so you know their
player coming through their player
coming through just to indicate nice and
loud and the visual as well that you're
actually at their player okay
walking along with the gun by the side
does not indicate that you're dead
player it just indicates that your arm
might be tired and you just are giving
it a rest so I put the gun down by the
side so just take note of this video
guys just how bad observation skills are
of airsoft players look how long it took
for them to actually actually react to
what was going on he's walked past the
enemy team prior to getting up to the
base he's walked up to the enemy team
standing outside the base and none of
them reacted even though like I said
before he's got a nice big red tag on
front of him okay he shot them with a
bang kill or surrender kill and still
none of them have reacted and he's
nearly walked into the base I think that
shows once and for all just how bad
airsoft observation skills actually are
now it's okay you can be the best shot
in the world but if you've got poor
observation skills you ain't gonna hit
nothing okay and I see this all the time
this is why people on your own team gets
shot because they're not observing
what's going on for instance if the guys
shoot in the same direction is you it's
gonna be on your side isn't he
cuz you you know why would he be
shooting back at the enemy team if he's
if he's on the other side and yet I see
this all the time airsoft sight people
on their own side getting shot and you
know just in general you know finding
targets it's it's okay being a good shot
if you can't find a good target because
you've got poor observation skills
you're not going to be able to shoot
anything okay so I'll leave you with
this video to actually make your own
mind up what was going on and learn from
what was going on and obviously have bad
observation skills so enjoy guys